docs/Use Cases.md, before:

User Stories
============
As a teacher, I want to
As a student, so that I get credit, I want to join a quiz game.

Informal Use Case
===================
##UC1 : Join a Quiz
Student enters the game ( or game site ) and identifies himself. Then he selects the game he wants to join. The game adds the user as a contestant

##UC2 : Contestant Answer a question
After a question is displayed, a contestant presses a button to indicate he can answer it. The moderator or game selects the first contestant who presses his button to answer the question. If contestant answer correctly he earns points otherwise he loses points equal to the point value of the question.

##UC3 : Contestant choose Question to answer
After contestant Enter the picking state, a bunch of questions available will be displayed on the screen, seperated by question categoties, and its point according to its difficulty. the contestant must select the question. and then move to the answer state.

##UC4 : Create Question Pool
gather all questions and answers, arrange and orgainize it into database.

##UC5 : Find Matches
students can quicky find their competitors if they has no specific competitor

Commit message:

Update more Use cases. Arrange by sequences
Update more Use cases and arrange all of them by sequences.

docs/Use Cases.md, after:

User Stories
============
As a teacher, I want to
As a student, so that I get credit, I want to join a quiz game.

Informal Use Case
===================

##UC1 : Create Question Pool
gather all questions and answers, arrange and orgainize it into database.

##UC2 : Join a Game
Student enters the game ( or game site ) and identifies himself. Then he selects the game he wants to join. The game adds the user as a contestant.

##UC3 : Find Matches
students can quicky find their competitors if they has no specific competitor or game to join, then move contestants to the picking state where they can choose what question to answer.

##UC4 : Contestant choose Question to answer
After contestant Enters the picking state, a bunch of questions available will be displayed on the screen, seperated by question categoties, and its points according to its difficulty. the contestant must select the question in limited time otherwise the game will randomly choose it for the contestant. and then the contestant will have to answer the chosen question.

##UC5 : Contestant Answer a question
A question will be displayed on the screen, a contestant presses a button to indicate he can answer it. The moderator or game selects the first contestant who presses his button to answer the question. If contestant answer correctly he earns points otherwise he loses points equal to the point value of the question.

##UC6 : Continue to the next question
After the answer is revealed, let the contestant choose the question again until there is no more question to answer.

##UC7 : End the game and show the winner
when the last question finishes and there's no more question to be answered. show the winner of the game which is calculated by the game point of each team.
